Hello everyone today under our mind
we have samsung galaxy tab 4 let's go
now to see what boxing does galan
it's inside the package
we find the phone nor why this
tablet keep warm even to phone
the charger with its adapter
and the package instruction booklet
quite poor we see it all from
part we take in hand the tablet
let's see immediately how tall it looks 21
12.4 cm wide, 7.9 mm thick for a weight
of 320 g really very light materials
plastic but really assembled
well here we find the ear capsule
and the internal camera which is vga
here the 1200 80 x 800 tft 8 display
inches 290 pp to the pixels are not not
they have a very high density but it is more
that's enough to really read in
good words and words below
we find the home button
the multitasking key which is touch and the
right back button with
switching on and off stenberg active
the man in more volume less slots for the
sim slot for micro sd under jack for
the micro usb to synchronize the
charge it to the cozy microphone on the
left side we find nothing much
clean over standard three jack e
middle and for headphones behind camera
3 megapixel fixed focus below
system speaker we turn it on
android operating system 4.4 kat kit
with the new touch wiz this tablet in
the sooner it appears very bad
1.2 gigahertz quad core processor is
really very very fluid in executing
operations 8 gigabytes of memory
expandable up to 64 and one gigabyte of
ram
we put the subject of genoa holes
our lens we see a bit like snaps
the photos do not have the auto focus unfortunately
let's see the results in the gallery
a 3 megapixel one
let's say the truth is pretty bad
because it is a tablet however it is anyway
aligned with the average
this is a picture I took before
there are absolutely no details though
for emergency photos it is just fine
the writings of the box cannot be read
for example this that box of the del
tablet has also done in large that goes
much to fade a lot if you suffer
however, tablets are not made for
taking pictures this is known
4000 milliamperes heat battery
then we also have integrated antennas
many possibilities to play it also in
this way a very competitive price
about 350 euros available in black and white
let's go to the menu to hear
the system speaker
the new touch wiz really very pretty
ipad style menu as we see in
this case divided into various sectors
let's go into the device loses the voice
I play and see your speaker of
system that I can here on the glass
I have to say that speaker enough
low but does not really distort a good one
really good sound quality
pity it is a bit too much
low if you use it as a phone we hope
not to lose calls due
of your payer just enough
low networks as it goes on the internet in
right now I have no sim
inserted and I don't have wifi that works
anyway I tried it before I have to
say that like all tablets like everyone
all modern telephones travel to the
same speed the antennas are now
new generation antennas are
all fast they all go fast to the
same way
multitasking that opens this way
thanks to the dedicated button and here you copy
a little from sense 6
as you know the touchwiz has copied a little
from sense 6 especially as far as
is about the settings menu
see all these small round icons and has
copied this time on this tab
fourth, also the multitasking that on p
in these small windows that flow
upwards as on htc juan n 8
ultimately a tablet really has
comfortable fit hold in hand
very comfortable despite being plastic in
an aluminum is really a touch infili
excellent with this fake leather on the gate
I hold my hands very well
a little big then or the palm
wide but still I think that even those who have
small hands still manage to
hold it very well horizontally is
fantastic really weighs very little though
at the exit to pay for it as a tablet yes
presents a little boy and a tablet
small and mid-range pocket
while as a phone if you want to use it
as a phone it looks like a tablet
huge low end
all is well if we liked the video
share it subscribe to the channel so not
you miss even a review because
you get the notification news follow me up
twitter snail hd 95 for contacts of
1 point
mark fans and snail yahoo.it us there
see you at the next video in high
definition